Well, good evening, family. Thank you
for joining me again tonight. We'll
go over some of the things the Lord
showed us yesterday in prayer. And
yesterday's prayer to me was over
the chart. I love
seeing over like that what the Lord
has shown us about the soon
return of the Lord Jesus Christ. I
got so excited about the Moeds
and the
harbingers and the things the Lord
was showing us. I don't know. I just
have such an anticipation.
Just an anticipation. You know, right
now the wheat harvest is coming in in
Oklahoma, and it's early.
They're saying it's early. You know,
they're talking about on the news it's
early, and it's been a lot of
drought, but they're still getting
some wheat because the wheat's coming in,
and western Oklahoma's been really
dry.
As I was looking over
what the Lord was
showing me last night, I saw the big
combines.
I saw big John Deere looking combines
and the wheat was bowing down.
It was in that ripe state.
And the Lord was talking about the
harvest that as we had 8,000 people here
last night praying with us, he said, "I
can take the 8,000 of you and save the
world.
It doesn't take much.
There's 8 billion plus people."And what
he was showing me last night was,
Brandon,
I could take just this little
bit of group of prayer warriors that you
have here and take this little army of
8,000 and change the world with eight
because you are stationed all
over the world. You got people in
Australia, I got people in Europe, I
mean everywhere. I mean, and so if
every one of us just light a fire inside
of our hearts, set a fire down deep in
my soul.
As I was looking across in the
spirit, the Lord was showing me these
harvesters with these great big combines,
and they were reaping the wheat. And
I know as I'm looking into this
vision, it was just
something so beautiful as the
fields were just glistening with gold,
the wheat harvest. It looks so
beautiful as it's ripe and it's ready. I
was
just
part of that and then seeing the silos,
the two silos again.
I could see the two silos. But as we
were praying, I saw Jonathan
Khan's face and I'm not
really familiar with Jonathan Khan's
ministry. I haven't read any of his
books. Just being real with you.
But I've watched his show on Jim Baker
and some of these others whenever he
would talk about the Harbingers back in
2015 and when he first came out
with his first book.
Last night I saw a spot
concerning him. It looked like
one of those hydrants that you turn
the knob that has the red knob and you
turn the knob in a garden. It was
what was flowing, and I saw it was
getting ready to flow on him. But I
saw him, it was something to do
with church of his presence,
like he'll be invited there maybe in
September during this on this feast
date from Rosh Hashanah. I don't know, but I
could see him at church of the presence. Now
I don't know why I was seeing him at
that. I'm just telling you what I saw in
the vision. But I saw Harbinger
and it was in a marquee sign. You know
what the little lights that look
like show is like the little lights that
all light up? They're little, but they
all make one big beautiful sign that's
really bright. And I could see harbinger
across this big sign. It was lit up.
But there was a word underneath
the harbinger that was not lit up
yet. And every once in a while it would
flicker. It would flicker like it was
trying to light up. There was something
more to this sign. And I could see the
little bulbs, but they weren't. And
they had a black line that was a cord
that looked like a wire, a black wire
that was running to those to power
them. But the bottom light was
just flickering. It wasn't totally on.
It wouldn't come on and it would
just trying to come on. So as I was
looking at that, I was praying and I was
seeing pray for him concerning a new
book, praying concerning new revelation,
new revelation of the word of
harbingers. As we got to 911,
Rosh
Hashanah,
I could see the harbingers again
and the Lord showed me
and I saw a big hourglass
like you would see on the like the sands
of times
and it was massive, but there was
just a little bit of sand left that look
like golden beads.
They look like golden
like almost transparent the in the
center with gold in the middle of these
beads, but they were barely at the
bottom of this hourglass. And the
Lord said, "You're out of time.
I extended the time in 2015.
what will you do with the time that I
have given you? This little bit was
left."As
I got to September the 11th, 911,
I saw ground zero.
Ground zero. I saw a flag that was
smoke coming up that the flag of
the United States of America looked
burnt.
It looked tattered.
It looked war torn.
It was coming up out of a new ground
zero. I heard new ground zero.
Now, it was similar to the wreckage and
the rubble that was shown during
the Twin Towers. But this was one
building.
It was not twin towers. It was one major
As I was looking at this one major
building, I saw that somebody had put a
flag in the middle of the rubble
that was bent. It was cockeyed. It
wasn't straight up. It was laying at a
slant,
but it was swaying barely
in it.
And I heard
1929,
1930.
And I could see the bar graphs and
the things popping before my face as I
was looking at that.
Am I saying it's this September? No,
I don't know what I was saying. I'm
going to be very quiet. I'm going to be
really real with you. I don't know what
I was looking at. I see in
part, hear in part. And this is why I
grab a hold of something and I pray over
it for months before I get more pieces
sometimes. Sometimes I get it faster
than others, but it just depends. It's
like it's like a blood hound. You that
blood hound just follows the trail. And
when you're in the spirit, you follow
the trail. You follow where the Lord's
leading you to pray.
You don't just take one piece of it and
go, "Well, I've got the whole thing. I
can solve the I can solve the riddle. I
can solve the clue or whatever.
I have to pray this out and it
takes time. It takes effort. You sit at
his feet and sometimes he won't bring
that up again for a long time and he'll
show me something else. I'm like, what
about the building?"And it's like, well,
when the building's necessary to be
talked about again, I will tell you
until then, keep praying. So, I see the
building. As I saw the harvest and I
saw the hourglass and I saw the
September of 20 of 2015,
it's two schmita cycles
seven and seven was 14
was leading to
this next schmita cycle of 2028 2029.
And I heard a 2year revival. A 2-year
window. A 2year window for a major
revival. So that two years would be
September the 11th of this year
going into
2028 2029,
right? 2020. Yeah. Two years. So 20 2020
This is 2026 to 2027. 2027 to 2028,
that two-year window for when the
schmita cycle starts again
for that seven-year window to be up
from 25. And the Lord said, "I extended
the
time."So,
I was praying into that and that's
why I was I got I get excited about that
kind of stuff because I'm always
looking for his return because I'm like,
Lord, what are you saying? Are you
coming soon? Oh Lord, please come now.
You know, and as I know the harvest
is on his heart. The harvest is
plentiful and the labors are few. As
I saw those big combines tilling up the
getting that wheat, bringing in the
harvest and filling up those silos, I
saw those two remember the farmer and
the del like I saw the farmer running
down the lane the
path and he had two buckets in his
hand and they looked like milk buckets
and he was running down and I could see
the harvest skin but I saw the and I
could hear the rooster crowing.
Does anybody remember that vision?
I could see the vast wheat field. I
could see the two silos, but one silo
was busting open and the other silo was
hardly full.
That happened probably back in
March.
But as I was praying into this, I
just got excited because I know
whatever this new ground zero is,
whatever this... I was
praying, "What is the new ground zero?"A new ground zero.
That doesn't sound like
a good thing to me. It didn't,
because I saw the rubble. I saw massive
steel beams coming up out of the
ground that looked like wreckage.
It looked like something out of a bad
accident, like something
similar to the first 9/11.
And I heard 9/11,
September the 11th of this year is
Rosh
Hashanah,
praying over what the Lord is
showing us, praying over this time
frame. I told you from Memorial Weekend,
which was last Monday,
praying into that—that's why I was
passionate about what I was saying last
night. And so many of you take
it like I'm scolding you.
I'm not scolding you. I'm trying to
get the troops where you
get some oomph in you. You need
a little bit of gasoline on your
little flames, and
listen, as you saw the Muslims, these
little kids bowing down to this false
god in Europe, and that's what I'm
saying: what does it take for the church
to wake up and stop being so complacent,
losing our rights, our freedom
of speech, our freedom of—I mean, all
this stuff, our
Bill of Rights. And the Lord said,
"In the days ahead, I saw that darkness
trying to come upon America, taking our
freedom of speech, especially
concerning social media,
censors,
fact-checkers."We
don't know about that
because of the major election that's
coming,
concerning the midterms and
the presidential election in 2028.
So,
do I believe that he's coming in
2028? I don't know. I'm looking for him.
Could he not? Yeah, maybe not. But
I've told you countless times. I've seen
Marco Rubio. I've prayed for Marco
Rubio. I'm praying for Byron. I'm
praying for this next term. I'm
praying against a coup concerning
ousting President Trump before his
time with a new
January 6th kind of an event
trying to overthrow him,
praying against any kind of evil
plots concerning his family: Don Jr.,
Eric, Tiffany, Ivanka, Barron, praying
for all of them, praying for them to
finish. The Lord said he would hold the
church accountable concerning praying
for Trump.
What will the church do to pray for him
to maintain his level of
leadership? Because if we had
Kamala
Harris or somebody else in there, think
about where we would be right now.
And the Lord said, for what is coming,
we will all be thanking the
Lord
that he's president instead of her in
the days ahead, for whatever this is. I
keep seeing this Red Dawn
experience—an
enemy within, a Trojan
within. He said they weren't able
to attack you, foreign countries, and invade you from
your
beaches.
So, they had to infiltrate you from
within.
It was too hard
to try to bring in submarines and
battleships and everything because of
how far the distance is between China
and the ocean—like, in America,
thousands of miles.
And then all you have
is Mexico, and you have to either come
up through Mexico, which Joe Biden let them
in
by the millions,
and they still
pretend like they know who—they don't
know all who's in the country and who's
hiding in here after Joe Biden let I
don't know how many millions of people
into
our nation.
Yeah, they found Chinese.
Look here, here's more. This right here,
breaking news, right?
What is this right here, son?
They found Chinese nationals wearing
camouflage
near Eagle Pass, Texas.
Okay. So, they found these guys,
Chinese trying to infiltrate our country
in Eagle Pass, Texas,
and they look like military.
They're trying to hide out and come
through still right now, coming and
infiltrating our country.
And I said, "This is a Red
Dawn experience. This is people we
found."How
many are there? What is that?
One, two, three, four... how many? Six.
Six people. This is what's happening.
But how many came over when Joe Biden
was president?
I know for a fact because I
have people that I know, family members
that I know, my brother and some
other folks would talk about they would
come in and buy up firearms and things
like that and land in Oklahoma. Then
they're doing things like that to
stage a coup, growing marijuana. I don't
know what they're doing, but I'm just
telling you, folks, this stuff is still
trying to happen. And I said I saw
underground tunnels.
I saw underground tunnels in certain
towns. And I can even tell you where I
saw them, but I don't say it because I
saw some of these law enforcement officers were
not good. They were being paid off by
the cartel,
and some of them had lucrative
lifestyles with cash.
Cash—I
saw cash.
And so, I don't touch that; I just
did a little bit. But as I was
seeing all this, folks, I'm telling
you, I saw another kind of an event
trying to take place, and we need to pray
for our president. But I saw a window of
blessing
again. I saw praying for the Clarity
Act, praying for crypto, praying for
this. We can't stop it,
so ride the wave for whatever the Lord
is
telling you that means. That's
what I saw, and that's what I hear. Not
financial advice—I'm not a financial
adviser. It's all in my opinion, for
your entertainment purposes only.
Go ahead and show them
what President Trump said today.
What? Oh, I see.
So, after what we prayed
last night, he comes on here and says
this.
Can y'all see that? Is it ready there?
"Gary
Gensler
and the anti-crypto army nearly
destroyed the American crypto industry
by driving Bitcoin crypto
innovation offshore, but Trump saved it.
America is now the crypto capital of the
world."I
know, I'm just saying. I just pause
there.
That's a huge statement, and now,
why today did you post that, sir? Just
asking, President Trump, what do you know
that we don't know? Right
when I saw your sons
with five major coins going into your
new building, and I saw your skyscrapers
shoot up out of the earth, and
it was massive, and it
overtowered your real estate
empire,
and Barron was the one leading the charge
for your sons. Eric was falling behind
him, but Barron was smarter about this.
There was something about Barron in the
days ahead. And the guy, the Asian
man—there's
an Asian man involved.
But
I don't know, I thought that was kind of
neat when he put that out there today.
"Trump will never let crypto down.
You see that? Trump will never let
crypto down.
The new
frontier of finance is being built in
America."The
new frontier, the new industrial
revolution, the line,
the black line the Lord showed us. And
this is what he's saying today.
And as we were praying this out last
night, I could see things concerning
this that came out today.
Is that a coincidence? No, I don't think
so, because the Lord is about to birth...
there's something major. The Lord said,
"Pray over this. Pray over
this."And
I said, "The Middle East will ride
with this.
Saudi Arabia, the prince of Saudi
Arabia."Why?
Because this
is what the beast system is going
to—the
black onyx,
BlackRock,
these major banking institutions will
ride this. Why? It is whenever he
said it right here. Did you hear him say
about being able...
remember, it was on Johnny
J. Bravo,
and you said BlackRock said
they'll be able to take your money out
of your account. You remember that? Or
you probably don't have that,
but I was sitting there going, "This is
all the things that the Lord showed
me."This
is about you doing what we tell you to
do with that mark in your hand and your
forehead or you don't buy, sell, or
trade, man. You can't buy food. We're
not going to let you do anything. We
won't even let you pay your bills. You
can't even keep your electric on unless
you have what we tell you to have in
the days ahead. And it will all be run
by a digital society. Well, Brandon, why
do you embrace that? Why are
you praying for it to happen? Because
this is the coming of the Lord. He's
coming. You aren't going to stop it. The
Bible told us it's going to happen, so
just embrace it. Know it's going to
happen. Well, Braden, I don't want
that. I'm ready to get out of here. I
don't want to die. I want to
go by the rapture of the
church. But I'm saying, my goodness,
folks, that's how close we are. When you
start seeing the beast system come about
like this, and they're talking about
aliens and they're talking about all this
stuff, what's the church about to do?
That's the part of the coin
we're not looking at. We know what the
world is doing—aliens
and digital—but
the church is about to walk in the
glory like we've never seen before.
That's what you should be getting
excited about right now. Power and the
authority of the believer, laying hands
on the sick and seeing them recover,
casting out devils like we should be
doing already.
It shouldn't be a new thing. 'Well,
Brandon, we got a guy. He got devils
cast out of him.'Well, that was the
Great Commission. He told us to do that
already.
Walking in your authority, knowing who
you are.
So, anything else?
Yeah, and then you
saw the engine.
Oh, I saw an engine,
and it had some kind of cork in
there. It had tape, and it was being
taped off so the engine oil wouldn't
leak. What was that about,
Braden?
You saw foil in it or something like
that. You saw like painter's
tape. Was
it tape?
Yeah, it was plumber's tape.
And I thought, 'Why, that's going to melt.
Wouldn't that
melt?'because
it looked like plumber's tape
around the edges to keep it from
leaking.
But there was something more.
Some people were trying to
guess in the chat what it meant.
They were saying it's a temporary fix or
something like that.
Yeah, temporary fix. Well, because
plumber's tape would melt, wouldn't it,
in an engine? I couldn't figure that out,
and I
was
trying to wrap my
mind in the natural around what I'm seeing in
the spirit. So, I thought that was kind
of interesting because it was plumber's
tape on the plug
where you take the plug out to drain the
oil. There was some kind of plumber's
tape. It was white plumber's tape on that,
and it was wrapped around the
grooves to seal it—a good, proper seal.
And the Lord was
pointing that out on this oil.
Oh, and I heard in the spirit the
crank. The tongues, even
when I was praying, sounded like the crank
of a car, praying into the starting of
this harvest.
It sounded like the crank of a car,
the
starting of an engine. That was
amazing, wasn't it?
Yeah.
So, I think that was basically the
highlights of that. How
long did that take us? Too
long—for
29 minutes.
Not too bad, huh? I'm
trying to keep it shorter for y'all so
you don't go, 'Well, Brandon, I'm
getting weary sitting
here.'Go
ahead.
Okay, play this.
Still
talking about it.
Well, yeah, because he's going to be the
one. He's the one that helps lead the
charge when it's over.
Yes.
He slays his thousands, and the other one
will slay his
ten
thousands.
Look at Cuba.
That's pretty neat.
And Venezuela, what's going on there?
Well, interesting. On Venezuela, that
process continues—that three-phase
process, you know, of obviously
stabilization,
recovery, and transition. I would just
say, just since January 3rd of this year,
okay, and I think this number is
right—and
Chris or Doug can correct me on
this, but
I think
10 million barrels of Venezuelan oil
have been delivered to the United States
since the 3rd of January there. That
industry is being professionalized for
the first time ever. It's going to the
benefit of the Venezuelan people. They
are selling oil in the market at market
rates. The money is going to an
account in the United States controlled
and monitored by the Treasury, audited by
KPMG, and, for the first time ever,
the money is not being stolen. It's
going to the benefit of the Venezuelan
people. Cuba is in a lot of trouble
because, unfortunately for them, it's run
by a bunch of incompetent communists.
And being communist is bad; being an
incompetent communist is like the worst.
But the country's been taken over
by this company called GAESA that
basically controls 70% of the economy.
None of the money in that company goes
to help the Cuban people. None of it.
So, we'll be talking to them. We'll be
working on it. You know, we want
something good for the Cuban people, and
hopefully there'll be a good outcome
there for them. There needs to be. It's
90 miles from our shores, and having
a failed state 90 miles from our
shores is a threat to the national
security of the United States.
I'm telling you, the greatest revival
Cuba has ever seen is about to happen.
I'm excited about that. Every single
time, I know what the Lord has shown me,
and we're going to keep praying for the
people in Cuba that this is going to
be amazing, what God is about to do with
the Cuban people. They have been
underneath this tyrant
regime—is
that what you want to call
it?—for
decades, and God is about to
liberate those people in the still of
the night, in the still of the night
when
it will be completely black with
the electric grid. And there will happen
to be an invasion by two things coming
from a sub.
I saw it coming out of a sub.
All right, keep going.
Today,
so here's our governor—no,
mayor—our
mayor
Mamdani,
our fearless leader in New York,
leading the charge for Ramadan.
Ramadan's
end was tonight, today, and they have
their celebration. They're all
getting all their whatever they do. So,
I'm curious about what happens after
Ramadan because Ramadan is over today.
And so AOC
was
pretending she's Muslim. I guess
she's Muslim now. I didn't know.
If you think they—even the guys in the
back are thinking, 'Who is she? What is
she doing?'See them talking. They're
like, 'Hey, what? We can
lip-read.
Why are they letting her talk? Tell her
to get off the
stage.'That's
what they're saying. 'Get her, get
her out of here.
Pull the
mic.'He's
like, 'Just shut up. It's okay.'The
guy—the
big guy with a
beard—doesn't
like her.
He's like, 'She's not
Muslim.'That's
what he's saying. 'She's
pretending, sir. That's
okay.'He's
like, 'I really am
all into this. Please take a photo op
with me in
it.'Is
that
it?
Well, so
I'm curious what will happen now with
New York. Ramadan's over.
Yeah. And then
Joe Biden's—she said that she thought he had
a stroke when he was on stage during
the debate.
Oh, Joe Biden.
And
Candace Owens is best
friends with Hunter now, and she
apologized to him, and that was crazy. I
couldn't believe that. I was just like,
'Wow, she's went way off the other
side.'She's
friends with Hunter Biden and
having interviews and doing everything
and apologizing to him, and I was
thinking, 'Whoa,
that's pretty
crazy.'So,
all right, let's pray. Y'all want to
pray? Is that good?
Yeah.
Nothing else? Kind of slow, isn't it?
It's been slow. It's kind of boring, and
no news.
Yeah, I'm trying to see. They're saying
he's going
to war with the cartels. I don't know.
Secretary of war Pete
Hegseth
the United States is going to war
with the cartels, and they will. And I
saw great confusion in the cartels
because certain leaders will be taken
out in the days ahead in Venezuela,
and there will be turf wars.
The cartels will fight the cartel.
The heads of these gang lords will fight
each other because they'll be fighting
for turf wars as their major leaders are
taken out.
And that's what's coming. And it will be
by our Navy Seals,
the no new wars Trump. And
then
they said that they blocked
these
two districts to
help midterms or something like that.
Really? That's good news.
See, so this is what
this is currently right now and this is
what they wanted so they could
have more districts
in Alabama.
So they sided against it. They decided
against it.
That's interesting. You would think that
they would have
went with it.
What was it about praying for him?
Was that what we were praying for?
Who? Oh,
remember we were praying for that man?
Oh, him. Yes, you saw him every
day.
Yes,
and I was interceding. We were all
interceding for him.
Yes, and the Lord said, "Pray for
him."It
was the night when we were praying
for Don Jr.
And it was the same night we were
praying for Ivanka.
And the Lord said, "Specifically pray
for that judge, the Supreme Court, for
attacks against their lives, praying for
protection for
them."That's
interesting.
Okay, you ready?
Yes.
Now, how long was it?
37.
Pretty good. Father, we just
thank you, Father, for your
word. We thank you, Father, for what
you're doing in this earth. And Lord, we
just humble ourselves before you.
We love you, Jesus. And we're so
thankful, Father, that you've called us
to the kingdom for such a time as this,
Father, that we're the closers. You
saved
the best for last. And Father, we're
built for pressure. Regardless of what
we see around us, regardless of what
they say, regardless of what they do,
God, you are our deliverer. You
are our strong tower. The righteous run
into it and they are safe. And Father, I
thank you, Lord, as we run to that
strong tower tonight.
We humble ourselves and we pray and we
thank you, Lord.
We thank you, Lord, that you are our
deliverer. You are our standby. You are
our friend. You are everything
to us. We can't do this without you,
Father. I thank you, Lord, for the body.
I thank you, Father, for your covenant,
for your communion with us, Father.
Father, we take this in the mighty name
of Jesus. And we believe that by your
stripes, we are healed.
And we thank you, Lord, that we're no
longer sick in our bodies because of
what you did on that cross for us.
And we receive it now by faith. We
receive
everything you did when you said it is
finished. When you said it is finished,
we receive the finished work of Jesus
Christ. We receive it in Jesus'name. We
are healed and whole and well in the
name of Jesus from the top of our head
to the soles of our feet. And we take
this body in Jesus'name and we give him
praise and glory for it. Thank you,
Lord.
We plead the blood. We make much of the
blood. Father, if there's anything you
want to show us tonight, God,
we yield to the anointing of the
watchmen. We yield to the anointing of
the prophetic, uninterrupted and
unhindered by any satanic or demonic
force. We apply the blood of Jesus over
us. Spirit, soul, and body, we apply the
blood of Jesus over us, and we make much
of the blood and the blood makes much of
us.
As we confess our sins, you are faithful
and just to forgive us of our sins and
cleanse us of all unrighteousness.
Father, I thank you, Lord, for the blood
that never loses its power, the blood
that protects us. I apply the blood over
this room. I apply the blood over my
children. I apply the blood over my
wife. I apply the blood over my dogs and
my finances and everything you've given
us. Thank you, Lord.
Thank you, Lord. The blood
covers us. The blood washes us. The
blood keeps us whole. We believe,
Father, in the power of the blood of
Jesus.
And we take this blood right now in
Jesus'name.
And we thank you, Lord. We
apply it. Amen. And amen.
Well, praise the Lord.
Ready.
Breathe
upon me,
breath of God.
Breathe
upon me, spirit of the Lord.
As I lift
my hands and surrender
to your name,
most high.
I'm yielding
to your spirit.
I'm walking in your love,
Jesus.
I
adore
your holy name.
Jesus,
I
adore.
Jesus,
I
adore.
Jesus,
I
adore your holy name.
Breathe
upon me,
breath of God.
Breathe upon me,
spirit of the Lord,
as I lift
my hands in surrender
to your name,
oh most high.
I'm yielding to your spirit.
I'm walking
in your love.
Jesus,
I
adore.
Jesus,
I
adore.
Jesus,
I
adore
your holy
name.
Come breathe
upon me.
Breath of God,
breathe
upon me,
Spirit of the Lord,
as I lift
my hands
and surrender
to your name,
oh most high.
I'm yielding
to your spirit.
I'm walking
in your love.
Jesus,
I
adore.
Jesus,
I
adore.
Jesus,
I
adore
your holy
name.
Let your glory fill this house.
Let your praises fill my heart.
Let each vessel offer up
to you
the sacrifice of praise.
For you alone are worthy.
You alone are holy.
You deserve the
glory.
Jesus, you alone,
and you alone are holy.
You alone are worthy.
You deserve the
glory.
Jesus, you alone,
and you alone are holy.
You alone are worthy.
You deserve the
glory.
Jesus, you alone.
Let your glory fill this house.
Let your glory fill my house, Lord.
Let your praises fill my heart.
Let each vessel offer up
to you
the sacrifice
of praise.
For you alone are holy.
You alone are worthy.
You deserve the
glory,
Jesus. You alone.
We praise you, Father.
Holy,
holy,
holy
is the Lord.
Holy,
holy,
holy
is
the Lord,
for you are glorious
and worthy
to be praised.
You're the lamb
upon
the throne
and unto
you
we lift our voice
in praise,
the lamb
upon
the throne.
Holy,
holy,
holy
is
the Lord.
Holy,
holy,
holy
is
the Lord,
for you are glorious
and worthy
to be praised.
You're the lamb
upon
the throne
and unto
you
we lift our voice in praise,
you're the lamb
upon
the throne.
For you are
glorious
and worthy
to be praised.
You're the lamb
upon
the throne
and unto
you
we lift our voice in praise.
Let your glory fill this house.
Let your praises fill my heart.
Let each vessel offer
to you
the sacrifice of praise.
For you alone are holy.
You alone are worthy.
You deserve the glory.
Jesus, you alone.
You alone are holy.
You alone are worthy.
You deserve the glory.
Jesus, you alone.
You alone are holy.
You alone are worthy.
You deserve the glory.
Jesus,
you alone.
You alone are holy.
You alone are worthy.
You deserve the glory.
Jesus, you alone.
Let your glory fill my house.
Let your presence fill my heart.
Let each vessel offer unto
you
a sacrifice of praise.
You alone are holy.
You alone are worthy.
You deserve the glory.
Jesus, you alone.
You alone are worthy.
For you alone are worthy.
You alone. You deserve the glory.
Jesus, you alone.
Only
believe.
All things are possible
when you only
believe.
Only
All things
are possible.
Only
believe.
All things are possible.
Only
believe.
I'll tell you what I see.
I see tent revivals, brush
arbor
churches,
fields full of people.
The tent revivals are coming back.
Only
believe.
believe,
all things
are possible
when you only
believe.
Lord, I
believe,
all things are possible.
Lord, I believe.
Lord, I
believe.
All things are possible,
Lord, I
believe.
I believe,
I believe
in miracles.
I've seen
a soul
set free.
Miraculous,
the
changing
one
redeemed
through
Calvary.
I've seen
the lily push its way
up through the stubborn
sod.
I believe
in miracles,
for I
believe in God.
I
believe
in miracles.
Healings are happening all over the
place right now.
The master's here.
If I could tell you what I see right
now.
Drink from the well
that never shall run dry.
Fill our cup, Lord.
We lift it up, Lord.
Come and quench
this thirsting of our soul.
Bread of heaven,
feed me till I want
no more.
Fill our cup,
fill it up and make me whole.
Fill my cup, Lord.
We lift it up, Lord,
come and quench
this thirsting of their soul.
Bread of heaven,
feed them till they want
no more.
Oh,
it's about the verse right here.
Like the woman at the
well,
I was seeking
for things
that could not satisfy.
And then
I heard my Savior speaking,
'Draw from my well
that never shall run
dry.'Like
the woman
at the well, I was seeking
for things
that could not satisfy.
And then
I heard my Savior speaking,
'Draw from my well,
draw from my well
that never shall run
dry.'Fill
my cup, Lord.
I lift it up, Lord.
Come and quench
this thirsting of my soul.
Bread of heaven,
feed me till
I want no more.
Fill my cup, Lord.
I lift it up
and make me whole.
I don't know what you want me to do with
what you show me.
Oh, 'taste and
see,'says
that the Lord is good.
Touch them right now, Master,
through the whole internet world.
Touch them. Everyone watching on the
other end,
let your presence fill their house.
Touch them, Father, where
they are weak.
Yeah,
like the woman
at the well,
I was seeking
for things
that could not satisfy.
That's many of us, huh?
The world,
it spits so much at you. And this is it:
Like the woman at the well,
I was seeking
for things that could not satisfy.
And then
I heard my Savior speaking,
'Draw from
my well
that never shall run
dry.'Thank
you, Father.
See the glory,
see the glory come down.
see the glory,
see the glory come
down.
A refreshing, a refreshing, a
refreshing.
Father, for every single person who is so
desperate and needs such a touch today
in
their finances, in their life,
their hearts, and their minds—from
PTSD
to drug addiction, to alcohol
addictions, to so many people with
marriage problems, and so many people
with strung-out kids, and they
don't know where they're going to be
within a couple of months from now, and
they're asking you for
direction for their life.
Father, you said in your word that we
would hear your voice and a stranger's
voice we will not follow.
We get out of our natural
thinking and we get into our spirit. And
we thank you, Father, that those that
are led by the spirit of God are the
sons and daughters of God.
And we are led by your spirit. We're led
by your spirit because we're your
children.
And I call clarity over every single
person in their hearing tonight
that they would experience you at a new
level.
That they would experience the presence
of the Lord at a new level,
that from this day forward they'll never
be the same again.
That, Father, they'll tap into that
river
that never will run dry.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that your hand
of provision, your hand of comfort is
over them as they've lost loved ones.
They're going through the trials
of life. I thank you, Father, that
you give them wind in their
sails
and they don't get weary
in
well-doing.
I thank you, Father, that they will
finish strong.
But, Father, I thank you, Lord, that
those that are saying, 'I'm just not
able to hear him, Brandon.
I just don't know if that's
him.'Father,
I thank you, Lord, that you
become so real to them.
They'll know it just by even
smelling your breath, Lord.
That they would know that fragrance.
They would know what you smell like,
that heavenly smell.
They would draw close to the Father.
They would draw close to you
and they would be intimate with you,
Lord, knowing you
are closer than a brother, that you're a
friend, closer than... you're
our ever-present help in a time of
need.
Lord, we're so grateful for every one of
these people here, but God, their
heart's desire is to know you more. Our
heart's desire is to know you more,
to seek you and to find you, to knock
and the door will be opened. And we
thank you, Father.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that as they
seek you, they'll find you. As they
knock, the door will be opened unto
them.
Father, that they'll not question
anymore, 'Is this you, Lord?
Is this you,
Lord?'But
they'll say, 'I know this is him.
I know this is him.
I know this is
him.'Speak
to them in the midnight
hour. Speak to them in their sleep. Speak
to them in that still,
small voice. And so as they
quiet their thoughts,
as they quiet their minds from running
and being in a panic and a
frantic...
Shh.
Peace be still.
Father, we thank you, Lord.
We glorify your name.
We glorify
your name.
your name
in all the earth.
We magnify
your name.
your name
in all
the earth.
As we just yield to you,
we glorify
your name.
We glorify
Thank you, Father.
We magnify you.
We glorify you,
for you are good and your mercy endures
forever.
We magnify you, Father.
We glorify you, Lord.
And we thank you, Lord, as we come up
higher in the fire.
As we come up higher, Lord, out of being
like these chickens, like I saw last
night, being chickens, we soar like an
eagle.
We soar like an eagle and we give you
praise, Father.
This is interesting. When I was praying,
when I was singing the song, I saw Jesus
standing next to this beautiful
brook. Looked like a
river.
But in this, he cast out a net
and he was on the shoreline and I could
see him. I was on this side and I was
looking at him on that side, and he
cast out a net into this water that
looked transparent. It was
just the most
beautiful—the
light was shining so much on it that it
was like when you're out on a lake and
you look at the reflection in the water.
You know how the beads of light all come
off the waves as the water's choppy?
You can see the light shining on it, and
you'll get a sunburn really bad
when you look at that water and you can
see the glistening of the light on the
water. I could see that water, but he
took his net and he threw it out on that
water and he was drawing in a harvest,
and I was watching him as he was
fishing. It looked like he was fishing,
but I know he wasn't fishing for
fish. Couldn't have been.
Maybe he was, but I never saw what was
coming up out of that water. I just saw
a net that was roped.
It looked like a net that was like a
fishing net that was thick, that had
weights at the ends of it, that
looked like a net, but
it was white and it was thick.
And he just took it and he threw it out
on the water, and it had a string at the
base of it. And he was
fishing with that net.
And I was sitting there just watching,
not wondering what he was doing.
He smiled,
but he was fishing.
And as I sang that verse
about
the woman at the well who was seeking—I was
seeking for things that
could not satisfy.
And then
I heard my Savior
sing,
'Draw from the
well.'Is
that how many are here right now, son?
The well, drawing from the
well, drawing from that major pool of
water.
He wants a refreshing for so many of
you. But as I was listening, I could
hear the people: 'I don't hear you. I
don't hear you. I don't know what you
want from my life. I don't know where
you want me to go. I don't know if I'm
supposed to take that job. I don't know
if I'm supposed to move.
Where do you want me to
be?'There's
so much of this torment
because
you want so badly not to miss it.
'I don't want to miss it. I don't want to
miss you. I don't want to go out and do
anything ahead of you. I want to be in
sync with you. I want to do what he's
saying.
Help me to go vertical. Help me to do
these things, not to go horizontal. I
want to
follow you.'And so much so that it's
becoming a torment.
The fear of missing it.
Fear has torment.
The fear of missing it, fear of not
walking out on the water.
'What do you want me to do? What do you
want me to
do?'Should
I take the job? Should I not?
Should I go into the army?
Should I go into service? Should I
serve the country? Should I
go to college in the
fall?
Should I move my family across the
country?
Where should I be, Lord?
Should we sell our house? Should we not?
Should we buy a new car? Should we not? There
are
so many things that are running
through people's heads.
Should I have that surgery? Lord,
I'm believing for healing. Should I have
that?
Should I get a new body part, like
a new knee or whatever you're believing
for?
You know, there are so many
people that have so many different
things they're asking, but you're
tormented. You come up
against that wall.
'What if? What
if?'That's
what I'm hearing.
But it's drawing from the well
that never runs dry in that place of
worship—that's
where your answer
is.
It's not in the 'what if.'It's not in
that torment.
'What are we going to do? What are we
going to
do?'It's
just always the echo inside of
your head at night when you're trying to
sleep, that peace
and
sleep that is robbed
from you because you're always trying to
think, 'I don't want to miss it. I don't
want to miss it. I
need to hear You, but You're
quiet. I don't hear You.'I've been
there. I know. And I was there
recently. I said, 'What do I do? What do
I do?'And I wanted an answer.
And I thought, 'I hear You in the
broadcast. I hear You, but You're not
talking about my personal stuff. What's
going on?'But He spoke when I took my
eyes off of the problem and I put them
on Him.
How badly I wanted the answer! 'Oh, I need
this answer. I need this.'I told
Diana all day, 'I need this. I
need Him. I don't know why He's not
talking to me about this. He knows I
need to know this.'And
I was
getting frustrated. And
I thought,
'Well, I hear You on this other
stuff, and You want to talk about the
weather?
Why are You talking about the weather?'And
I went,
'Well, at least You're
talking.'And
I got quiet, but I said, 'But what
about
this?'Nothing.
Just full of the care of
it, just letting it eat me. And I was
driving
around. I got in the car. I said,
'Well, we'll just go pray. We'll go get
in the car. Paisley, let's go pray. Come
on, D. Let's go get in the car. Braden,
come on. We're going to go
pray.'And
I drove around for
hours, driving around in the car, praying up
and down Tulsa. 'Oh, God,
You're going to give me the
answer.'Worship.
Worship. 'Oh, God, give me an
answer.
Paisley, you hear anything?
Do
you?''No.'But
when I
was at that breaking
place, you know, you're just in there,
and I went in and I told her,
'I'm going to go out and pull
weeds.'And
I was done with it. I was like,
'If You don't want to answer, it's not
important to You. It's not important to
me. I guess I'm not going to talk about
this
anymore.'And
I'm out there pulling the weeds, and
I'm looking at my flower in the
flower bed, and I was thinking, 'Man,
that's pretty amazing how fast these
weeds are growing.'Pulling the weeds,
and I just took my eyes off of the
problem and started focusing on Him.
'Well, I got to know what I'm going to
say on the channel
tonight.'I
mean, my own personal stuff. 'What
do You have?'And then He spoke,
and I went... It was when I took the care
out of my prayer but focused it. 'Be
careful for nothing, but in
everything with
thanksgiving...'I
started giving the praise to Him, and I just took it out of my
subconscious
mind. I stopped thinking, 'I've got to
have an answer. I've got to have an
answer,'and
I just started worshiping Him.
'Oh, You're beautiful beyond description,
too marvelous for words,
too wonderful for comprehension.'He knows everything you need
before you need it. And
He knows
the things in
your past—He
knows everything.
But He's not in the place of chaos.
Sometimes He's at the snow cone
stand.
Sometimes He's watching something with
your kids, VeggieTales or something.
Laugh. He'll even say that. 'I want you
to laugh.''I don't feel like laughing.
This ain't funny right now.
What do You want me to laugh about?
I'm not happy right now. What do You
want me to laugh about?''I want you to
laugh.''But
Lord, this
ain't funny to me.''I want you to laugh.
I want you to enjoy life. Paisley's
young right now. Go outside and
play in the
dirt.''Do
You understand what I'm asking You
right now?
Do You not understand the
pressure of life right now?
I don't want to go play in the
dirt. Do You get
that?'But
that's Him making you take your eyes off
of the problem for a minute and focus on
something else,
and the answer comes out of it.
'Play
in the dirt.
Do you get that?'Play in the dirt. Do
you see my nails? They have dirt all in
them.
Literally,
I had to go get my ring cleaned because I
thought I popped a diamond out of my
wedding ring. And I was like,
'Man,'I
told D, 'I think I broke a
bracket because I was digging in the
dirt.'So
I took it up there and they
had to check it because I have a warranty on
it.
And I told her, 'Well, let's go up
there and get it cleaned because I
popped one out before and lost it
because
I dig in the dirt.'This is how He
talks. 'Get it in your nails. Get dirt
all in your nails. Get it in your toes.
Get
mud in your toes.'And God talks. Do you
get it?
Some people, it may be working
on
your car, you know, working on your
engine or something. I'm not smart
enough to do that. My dad is.
He can do stuff like that. My brother and
other
people can do it. But me, I play
in
the dirt
and God speaks, and I love flowers.
I work for a big ministry and I did
their flowers.
It's my deal.
But I'm trying to tell you, God's not in
all this.
And He doesn't talk in this until you
stop,
'I've
got to have an
answer!'He
knows you've got to have an answer, but
your flesh is screaming louder and He
can't get through all that
noise.
And you know what else? And this is
something else I got. I don't
know why, but these little patches I
got,
He said, 'Put that
on.'I
think things are hokey, so I
don't do them. But He said, 'Put that on.
I want you to put that
on.'And
it made me feel better.
And I said, 'so be
it.'The
answer comes
when you least expect it for certain
things. And He'll say, 'I want you to do
this.
Put that
on.'And
I did it.
Whatever He tells you to do, do it.
Do what He tells you to do. Mary said,
'Fill the pots.'They filled them to
the brim
with water. They got the water turned
into
wine and they had a miracle because
they followed what He told them to do.
Even when it didn't make any sense.
You're going to do what?
He's God,
so
He'll do whatever, whenever He tells you
to do it. Just do it. And the answer
comes out of digging in the dirt.
I'm not telling you to dig in the dirt.
I don't know what your thing is, you
know what I'm saying? Find your box.
William Seymour had to put a box on his
head before the miracles would manifest
in Azusa. And he put the box on his head
and he
waited—sometimes
they said over an hour, two
hours—with
a box on his head. But the
glory would not manifest until he put
the box on his head. That's why I try to
tell you all the time: find your box.
What is your box? The only one that can
know that is you. What is God telling
you to do? I'm not trying to tell you to
be a parrot and put a box on your head,
but find your box,
and He will speak in that box.
What is it that's telling your flesh to
shut up?
That's where your answer
is.
Could be baking cookies for your kid.
Could be going and not focusing
on it, but just focusing on your
children because they're not going to be
small forever. Let's go get an ice
cream. Let's go. Let's go walk
in the park for just a second and throw
rocks on the pond, or
feed some fish or some ducks or
whatever. I don't know.
Taking your eyes off of your problem and
putting your eyes on the beauty of life
and what He's done for you already, and
being thankful for what you do have and
what He's already done for you, and
saying, "God, thank you.
God, thank you for the answer. Thank
you, Lord.
Thank you, Lord, that you love me enough
that you died for me. Thank you, Lord,
that you've never seen the righteous
forsaken or his seed begging
bread."And
Father, I thank you that what the
devil meant for bad, God, you're going
to turn it around for good. No matter
what plot, no matter what plan, no
matter what schemes are coming against
you in the spirit realm or in the
natural, everything the devil meant for
bad, God will turn it in for your good
if you're looking towards Him. No matter
what people try to say about you, no
matter what they... I'm not moved by what I
see. I'm not moved by what I feel. I'm
moved by what the Word says. That's
where you have to stay. Stay where? In that
place of, "Regardless, God, I know we know
the truth. We know what you said,
and you will turn it around for
me."I
don't know who that was for,
but that was for somebody
because in my heart I hear it when I'm
sitting here. I can hear that
really loud: "What do I do? What do I do?
What do I
do?"Father,
the glory.
We're so grateful. Father, we lift up
our president tonight. We lift him up
before you, Father. We thank you, Lord,
for President Trump. We thank you, Lord,
that he takes no counsel from the
ungodly. We apply the blood of Jesus
over President Trump in this nation. We
thank you, Lord, from sea to
shining sea. Father, there's a covering
over our nation. We pray over his
children: Eric, Don Jr.,
Tiffany, Barron, and Ivanka. We pray over
them. No weapon formed against his kids
will prosper. A thousand shall fall at
their side and ten thousand at their right
hand, but nothing shall come nigh them.
Our children, Father, our kids. We thank
you, Father, that as we pray for other
people's kids, you haven't
forgotten our children. As we sow the
seeds, as we pray for Trump's kids,
Father, the blessings are on ours.
Thank you, Father, that you protect our
children. Thank you, Lord, that they're
always in the right place at the right
time. We thank you, Lord, that we're
training up a child in the way they
should go, and when they get older,
they'll not depart from it. We thank you,
Lord, that our seed, our
children, will be born again, filled with
and controlled by the Holy Ghost. We
call them out of darkness and into
light. We call salvation over our houses,
that we will not have one child
burn in hell, that every single
one of them will be born again, filled
with and controlled by the Holy Ghost. And
we believe, Father, that you've called
our children for such a time as this,
for a mighty move of God.
Thank you, Lord, for the finances, for
creative ideas to get the wealth,
Father, for the wealth of the sinners
laid up for the righteous.
You know, the other night, people get
real... they say, "Brandon, you want a
Rolls-Royce?"I
don't want a Rolls-Royce.
I don't even like the way they
look. But if somebody wanted to bless
me, I'm not going to reject it. But I'm going
to
tell you this: if you
say, "Well, Brandon, would you go out
and purchase one?"That's not my thing.
I don't like that.
I'd rather have a Cadillac or something.
To me, a Rolls-Royce is...
I said that to try to trigger you to
believe God for bigger.
To me, a Rolls-Royce is not even a
pretty car. I mean, they're okay.
If you have one, I'm not knocking
your car, but that's not my thing. My
car that
I always think is most beautiful is fast
cars, classic cars. I love Camaros and
cars with big engines that will
burn the rubber off the
road—I
mean off the tire on the road.
That's my thing. I like muscle. I'm
not really a luxury...
My thing is
like Camaros and Ford Cobras and
things like that. That's my deal. I love...
My brother and we all
like that kind of stuff, like
some nitrous or something you put
in the engine and it goes even faster,
and you go down the road... how many
second car it is. That's our deal.
Texas Motor Speedway things, when you
smell the fumes
and you go, "Wow, man, that car is
fast."That's
my deal. People got bent
out of
shape about a Rolls-Royce, but I
go, "Folks, what I'm trying to tell
you to do is believe God for bigger. If
you have investments and
you're believing for big, don't settle
for second best. Believe Him for the
best."Rolls-Royce
is
like, whatever. I
don't want to brag, "Grey Poupon."You know,
when the guy rolled down the window, he
said, "Pardon me. Do you have any Grey
Poupon?"I
mean, that's not
Brandon Biggs. I'm country. I'd
have a big truck with big wheels with
the lights on it. You know, let's
do something fun. I don't want
to look down in
there and roll down the window, and
Jeffrey's
in the front. I'm not
like that, you know? I'd like to have
the truck with the big American
flag off the back, and you see me going
down the road and you go, "There's
Brandon."I'm
like, "Yeah, that's me."I mean, to me, I
want at least
to be able to have to jump up in my
truck, and I'm six foot, I'm like,
pulling
myself up because I'm trying to get in
it. Now, don't throw rocks
at me when you see me doing that, because
I want fish poles in the back, and I want
my little boat, and I want to... That's my
deal. I just say
things because I'm trying to trip your
trigger. Believe God for bigger. Stop
choking on stupid stuff.
And anybody who knows me knows that
that's the way I am.
Believe God for a Chevy Tahoe,
I mean, whatever. Beautiful.
It's just so much choking on
things when God wants you to have the
best.
I always just try to
stretch myself.
Muscle cars. Anybody out there like
muscle cars? You like cars that
only have two seats, and you have
a
roll bar in there because it's
loud, and
Superb
Road Runners, and
oh,
believing God for stuff like that.
That's cool, man. A
ten-second
car.
Braden and I, you know, he's laughing.
It's fun. Life is fun. Don't you love
the way a Harley sounds? When you
hear that testosterone
when they rip on that Harley,
and you hear that going down the road
and you're going, "Man, that's obnoxious
and cool."Do you like that? I mean, I
don't know, maybe some of you don't, but
that's me. Don't you like the way
the
sound of a Harley is, and it sounds so
awesome? You go, "Yeah,
maybe not."I try to enjoy life.
Go to a bike show, and you hear them, and
you hear those motorcycles, and you smell
the smell of it, and it's just...
life is fun. I like going to
the zoo and looking at the monkeys,
and looking at the lions, and looking at
things, and just enjoying life. That's
what I'm trying to tell you. When you do
that and you take your care out of your
prayer, that's where God's at.
He wants you to have life and life more
abundantly. Enjoy what He's given you.
We're so spiritually serious all the
time, and that's why I try to break out of
that and just go, "It's
okay."We
know where we are in these end times,
but we still have kids and we have a
life, and we want to go to a car show
or a gun show. I love to go to gun
shows. Love them. It's fun.
It's healthy to be healthy and happy.
Thunderbirds. Watch the Blue Angels
fly. Air shows.
Thank you, Lord.
I try to,
before I go, just try to
make you think outside of the box. There
are
so many people in their cares.
'Oh God, I've got this,'I hear.
And when I was praying, I could hear it.
It stopped me. And I was thinking,
it's funny because it's what He had me do,
and I had to go play in the dirt.
Did you all get anything out of this
tonight? I know it's kind of different.
We are praying over their nation, Father. We
pray over Cuba.
Father, we thank You, Lord.
We thank You, Father, for Cuba. Cuba
will be liberated. We pray over
Brazil. Brazil is about to have a major
move of God. We call for Brazil.
Maldonado is going to Brazil, and we pray
for
his meetings. He is protected. No
weapon formed against him will prosper.
We pray for protection around that pastor
right now in the name of Jesus that when
he goes to Brazil next week, this will
be the greatest harvest of souls that
they've ever had at King Jesus
Ministry.
Is that right? King Jesus,
right? I say his church is King Jesus.
Thank you, Father.
Pastor Maldonado will have a major
harvest of souls in Brazil.
We call in the harvest right now. We
pray over this, that this will be the
largest turnout they've ever had,
that people will be lined up down the
street to receive their miracle from
Jesus.
We believe that Asia will be reached. We
call forth a major move of God in South
Korea. We call forth a major outpouring
of the glory over South Korea, over
Europe. We call forth in the name of
Jesus, a supernatural increase
of the glory on Africa, on Asia, on
Europe, on the Middle East. Father, I
thank You, Lord, for supernatural
increase on Canada.
See, when I started praying over that
right then, immediately I started going
in the vein of
this event.
I could see it.
Oh,
our midterm elections, we call for
a red wave.
We call for an awakening unto God across
this nation. We call for the Clarity Act to
pass in the name of Jesus. No more
hindering over the Clarity Act. I see a vote
about to happen.
Why is it blacked out
over here? And I see,
is this the yeses?
Is that the beast system, Lord? The way
that looks, there
is
more that will be for it than
against it. I see
53. I
see
53.
Okay, this is interesting. It
overlaps
into this side.
Okay, there's this.
Okay, there are two. They're separate.
And this overlaps by just a few into
the other side.
Okay, I see one, two, three, could be
four, five right here. They're
gray.
This is gray.
It's overlapping into the other side.
So, this is trying to go over here into
this.
I believe this is votes.
But there's some gray.
So, it's black and white.
The black is about to reach over into
the white with some gray.
What is interesting is I can't see
past the individuals, like when you see
the mixture
of the black and the white. There
are
no blocks; it just blends in
like it takes over the land.
But it's not
divided enough. I can't see which one
is
individual, but I see the gray
individual blocks.
So, which one is good?
Because black like that onyx
is never good like that, Lord.
That color is
always dark.
It's the beast system. It's the beast
system, Brandon. That's the beast
system.
There's nothing good about the beast
Oh, man.
Now I see Starbucks. I see
Starbucks.
Dang, dang,
above.
Okay. Indicators for a recession.
Starbucks
for the ones
in these major cities. I see
indicators for a recession.
Do you understand what I'm saying,
son?
I see Starbucks and I see that
mermaid thing, but I see stores with
nobody in them
in downtown areas.
And I'm sorry, I hear indicators for
a recession.
Thank you, Lord.
I love just pausing and looking into a
vision. I know I'm live, but I
like looking down the streets. I can
fast forward and I can look around
on certain levels when I get to a
certain place,
and I will look into the people.
There's nobody walking around very much.
I don't know where I'm at. I don't
know if this is Seattle;
I've
never been there before.
But I can see very clearly the Starbucks,
and these ones downtown in this
area are empty.
And then I walk around, and
I see Trump, and they're saying a
certain thing, and they're behind there,
and I can see them talking, and I see Rubio.
Rubio is right next to him. I don't know
where JD Vance is, but I see Rubio.
But they're talking about the plan, and
this is going to be fanned out over this
clarity.
A new digital age
pumping money into this. It's almost
like that's the shot.
He said it today, Braden:
'America
will
be the crypto capital of the
world.'This
is the shot.
How will that make the economy look
better, though? Because he knows there
are
so many of us, I guess, that have little
things of it.
I can see the 250.
I can see the green oak trees.
I see signs on poles that
say
'250 America.'And I see where
this was, but it's going down. And I can
see the people. There's a parade.
There's a major parade in
Washington.
Thank you, Father,
for all the open doors, Father. We thank
You, Lord. We pray over our nation.
We thank You, Lord, that the people who
are called by My name will humble
themselves. We humble ourselves, Lord, and
we pray.
We thank You, Lord, that we hear from
heaven and You heal our land.
Thank you, Lord, that there's a major
revival coming to our land as You shake
the church to awake her, Father, a major
move, major outpouring.
Hallelujah.
It's a very different kind of night
tonight, Braden,
but it's what He wanted.
Well, I think it's good enough for
today. We'll pray more tomorrow. We'll
be back again tomorrow, and we will
see where He wants us to go then. But I
pray you got blessed by this, and I pray
you are refreshed or whatever,
maybe you got some answers or whatever. But
we love you, and we'll be back again
tomorrow. Tomorrow
is
Thursday evening, and then we'll
keep praying. We're praying over our
nation. We're going into June. We're
saying goodbye to May, and we pray for
Australia.
We pray for Australia, Father. We thank
You for stirring in them. There
are
things in your government that
are about to come forth
in Australia. You're about to see
some new laws.
It will be concerning your
freedom of speech, your freedom of
being able to say things. There
are
coming laws. I see this. There
changes that are about to happen
in your government.
They'll call it hate speech. They'll try
to pass the same things, even more,
concerning
what we call our First Amendment,
but this will be concerning social
media.
I see Facebook. I see things to do
with social media,
regulating social media
in Australia. There are bills, there
are
things I see, and there
votes. But I see a man and
he has glasses.
I see a man with glasses.
He's the one running this,
a man with glasses. He's kind of
stubby-looking.
He has
glasses with black frames. His
hair looks like a blonde color.
I see him, and he's the one behind this, but
he's getting pressure from the
king, from England,
from Europe.
I don't know who this man is, but
there's a man, and there are two
others, one on his left and one
on
his right.
Persecution.
It's persecution.
Praises
to your name,
oh Lord,
for your name is great
and greatly to be praised.
I sing praises to your name.
Yeah. It's concerning your freedom of
speech, like for your words,
what you say on social media.
It's persecution
towards the church.
Come
on.
Praise the Lord.
Thank you, Lord, that it will not pass.
Thank you, it will not pass. They
will
rise up at last, and a great, great
revival will hit all around
Australia,
and new worship will come forth as they
resist this,
springing
forth brand new plants.
I see the plants springing forth
out of a dry season.
Dry seasons,
and we praise you, Father,
in Jesus'name. Yeah, that's the guy
right there. You see him with the
glasses?
Prime Minister,
that's the man with the glasses. You see
him? He looks kind of nerdy,
doesn't
he?
You see him? That's the man that's going
to do this.
Two others will help him and they'll
come across. They're going to try to
push for
social media, and it's
about to come out. Whatever this is is
about to happen. But he's being
pressured from the King for the digital IDs.
You hear me?
It's digital IDs. A digital ID is coming
there. But they'll
really persecute people with freedom of
speech.
Digital IDs with England. Digital IDs.
That's right. This is it. That's very
strong. When I said that, it popped and
went.
Digital IDs is coming to Australia.
They're about to
introduce this. They're about to tell
you about this. And I don't know if I'm
behind the ball on this, but I'm telling
you, it's like it's going to become very
loud. The volume is going to be cranked
up big time. And it will pass. I see it
passing
without much resistance.
Is the church pretty much asleep in
Australia?
They only have like little pockets of
people that are believers there.
Is the church pretty asleep in
Australia?
A
lot of liberals. Is it pretty liberal? Is
Australia liberal?
I see a lot of liberals, but I see
little circles of people that are
a
remnant there.
There's not much influence from the
church.
It doesn't have a lot of traction.
And like I said, if you
have your hair this way, I'm not trying
to make fun of it, but I see a spiked
mohawk with a bald head on the side with
purple and different colors in this, with
like a biker jacket,
with more of—and it's something to do
with this digital ID. I see you. And I
would consider this—and like I said,
if you have your hair like that, I see
this is liberal. They're
being liberal. I'm not trying to say
it's
Christian because you've got all these
people, but I'm telling you what I see.
The Lord is saying this would be the far
left
concerning Australia.
Digital IDs are coming. I would even say
this is going to be put out this year to
start coming into 2027 to try to really
implement this. It's going to start to
really try to implement
these
digital IDs, but freedom of speech,
cracking down on what you say,
hate speech,
and it will go really strong in Canada
and in England. Very strong in England
and Canada. But they're almost
like—remember
I told you the king is the
scorpion, and he's putting his
pinchers
towards Canada and he's pointing his
towards Australia, son.
Yeah,
this is it.
And he's looking towards Europe. Spain.
Spain.
France. Italy. Germany.
Interesting.
Yep.
Denmark.
England.
This is going to roll out fast.
You're looking at something that will
come. They're trying to do Agenda 30
early.
Yep.
With social credit scores.
With social credit scores,
they're trying to copy China.
Do you hear me, Braden? I hear social
credit scores are coming like to copy
China.
We are in the last of the last days.
This will affect New Zealand
also.
Well, praise the Lord.
So the church has to be brighter and
stronger
than we've ever been
and stand for what we believe, and you'll
be a backbone like a crowbar against
the guy with the glasses.
Hopefully, you'll still receive us over
there. Hopefully, I'm telling you that
this thing is about to
really accelerate, y'all. And I'm
excited. You know why? Because I'm looking
up, for I know our redemption draws nigh.
Jesus Christ is coming. And it's getting
real radical, isn't it, in
our generation? I told you we wouldn't
taste death. Jesus Christ is coming. There
are
some of you who go, 'Well, I believe
it's 50 years from now.'Oh, no, no, no,
no, no. Jesus is coming.
You've
got to get excited about it. It's
exciting times. So we pray the video
blessed you all, and we'll be back again
tomorrow. Thank you for joining us. We
love you. Remember, put a smile on your
face and a song in your heart. Jesus
loves you so much, and we love you. God
bless you all. Have a great night. Bye-bye.